fix(curriculum): update accessibility review page to include missing concepts from lectures (#58336)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/review-html-accessibility/671a87a39b88245a579c2271.md

- **Aria roles**: A set of predefined roles that can be added to HTML elements to define their purpose. This helps people using assistive technologies understand the content of the website. Examples include `role="tab"`, `role="menu"`, and `role="alert"`.

There are six main categories of ARIA roles:

- **Document structure roles**: These roles define the overall structure of the web page. With these roles, assistive technologies can understand the relationships between different sections and help users navigate the content.
- **Widget roles**: These roles define the purpose and functionality of interactive elements, like scrollbars.
- **Landmark roles**: These roles classify and label the primary sections of a web page. Screen readers use them to provide convenient navigation to important sections of a page.
- **Live region roles**: These roles define elements with content that will change dynamically. This way, screen readers and other assistive technologies can announce changes to users with visual disabilities.

> - **Window roles**: These roles define sub-windows, like pop up modal dialogues. These roles include alertdialog and dialog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Window roles**: These roles define sub-windows, like pop up modal dialogues. These roles include `alertdialog` and `dialog`. 
```

> - **Abstract roles**: These roles help organize the document.They're only meant to be used internally by the browser, not by developers, so you should know that they exist but you shouldn't use them on your websites or web applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Abstract roles**: These roles help organize the document. They're only meant to be used internally by the browser, not by developers, so you should know that they exist but you shouldn't use them on your websites or web applications.
```

- **`aria-hidden` attribute**: Used to hide an element from people using assistive technology such as screen readers. For example, this can be used to hide decorative images that do not provide any meaningful content.
- **`aria-expanded` attribute**: Used to convey the state of a toggle (or disclosure) feature to screen reader users.
- **`aria-live` attribute**: Used to indicate that an element's content is important enough to require that any changes to the content should be announced immediately to screen reader users. This can include status messages like updating the number of results returned from a search, or an error message displayed after an unsuccessful form submission.
- **Common Aria states**: Common Aria states include `aria-haspopup`, `aria-checked`, `aria-disabled`, and `aria-selected`. These attributes can be used to indicate the state of an element and help people using assistive technologies understand the content of the website.

> - **`aria-haspopup` attribute**: This state is used to indicate that an interactive element will trigger a popup element when activated. You can only use the `aria-haspopup` attribute when the popup has one of the following roles: menu, listbox, tree, grid, or dialog. The value of `aria-haspopup` must be either one of these roles or "true", which defaults to the menu role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`aria-haspopup` attribute**: This state is used to indicate that an interactive element will trigger a pop-up element when activated. You can only use the `aria-haspopup` attribute when the pop-up has one of the following roles: menu, listbox, tree, grid, or dialog. The value of `aria-haspopup` must be either one of these roles or "true", which defaults to the menu role. 
```

> - **`aria-haspopup` attribute**: This state is used to indicate that an interactive element will trigger a pop-up element when activated. You can only use the `aria-haspopup` attribute when the pop-up has one of the following roles: menu, listbox, tree, grid, or dialog. The value of `aria-haspopup` must be either one of these roles or "true", which defaults to the menu role. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`aria-haspopup` attribute**: This state is used to indicate that an interactive element will trigger a pop-up element when activated. You can only use the `aria-haspopup` attribute when the pop-up has one of the following roles: `menu`, `listbox`, `tree`, `grid`, or `dialog`. The value of `aria-haspopup` must be either one of these roles or `true`, which is the same as `menu`.
```

Felt like these needed some backticks. Not sure I picked the best wording there though.
